Product: TinaCMS
Title: TinaCMS - Sprint 89 Review + Retro and Sprint 90 Forecast - 13 Jan 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xBrt1QQAD_s
UploadDate: 20260113

Hi all and welcome to the Tina Cloud and
Tennis CMS Sprint 89 review and retro
and the sprint 90 forecast. First we'll
be going through the review.
So for our sprint goals, we had uh the
new search functionality which was uh
just recently released uh that was uh
done by Jack and uh we also had uh focus
on the authentication and signup issues
where we did some work around the SSO.
You want to speak to that Brooke?
>> Yeah, we simplified and made it more
obvious to users how to access the SSO
signin page which we'll see later on.
Uh for the spits we had uh 5,290.
Um
>> we we really need to put the number of
the prior month before that just to get
context of that whether it's up or down.
>> Yeah. Oh, I'll put a little emoji there
saying that it's up.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. Anyway,
uh Tina Cloud, we had 80 hours build to
Brooke and myself.
And for Tennis CMS, we had 104 hours
build to Ivan, Jack, Isaac, and Hark,
which I believe might be a mistake with
Hark.
>> No, I think he's trying to vibe code
Tina.
>> Okay.
>> I think it's probably right. Yeah,
>> I had a chat to him after our initial
discussion and it is it is correct.
That's for a video apparently.
>> Okay, cool.
>> It's good to see a bit more love on Tina
CMS now. Jack should be happy. Where is
Jack?
>> Doctor's appointment.
>> Uh yeah, he said doctors.
>> Was he in the prior? Okay.
>> For the sprint backlog, key things to
note was the state issue uh with SSO
login button. You want to speak to that,
Rook?
>> Yeah. So previously the only way to
access the SSO signin page was to start
typing an email associated to um an SSO
domain. This wasn't very intuitive to
the user. So we've added a if you scroll
down slightly on this image an
enterprise so login button which takes
you to the same page that you would if
you had typed in your email. Um we
haven't removed that uh functionality
either though. You can still get to this
page by typing in an SSO enabled email.
Um we've just made it more clear.
>> Uh we also had work done around the
collaborator table.
>> Yep. So um previously the collaborator
invitation tables were all unique in
some sense and they weren't actually
using the same code. So there was lots
of discrepancies between them. I've gone
ahead and simplified that so they're all
pulling from the same components. The UI
is all uh the same. In addition to that,
I've also made this organization users
invitation table much more obvious um
that you can select multiple users and
cleaned up some of the UI around that.
Sweet.
Uh yep, we also yeah got the search
released. Uh there was some work done
additionally in the sprint. Uh just a
small thing around the uh search button.
Uh we we added a search button to help
the the UX out um with um when users go
to search. So it's a bit more intuitive
and it's also mobile friendly. Um other
thing was the tenny CMS explore menu.
You want to speak to that Isaac?
>> Yep. So, um I picked this up from a few
months ago and um has started a bit of
work on it again. It still needs to be
um checked by Matt and there's still
some UX work to do probably, but it's
functionally pretty much there, I think.
Um so, you can see Eli just showed the
before. So, there's kind of a list of
all the documents you have access to on
a page, and it's um kind of hard to
understand what the the menu is. and
we're converting it to a file system
format. So on the after you can see now
you can um see the structure of your
documents behind the scenes in the Tina
visual editor um and then access any of
those the the form for any of those
documents um that you may want to edit.
Sweet. So for the sprint burnout um we
had 41 remaining and one completed.
Uh code coverage not yet logged.
Production deployments we had one
deployment for ten cloud and one release
for tennisms.
Application health overview timeline. Uh
for the identity API 500s, we seen a
decrease from 14 to 12. Uh content API
HP 500s decreased from 4K to 1K. Um
yeah, that was due to the rules team
taking off their concurrency. Um so that
seen a big drop in the the amount of
errors, but still yeah, some are some
are coming through. So there should have
been a lot more traffic um last Friday
with um the during the fat and everybody
using SSW rules.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you see it anything here?
>> Um
>> compared with the when when exactly did
that get released?
>> Oh well most of them would have been
doing it working on it on Friday.
>> It was the 9th.
>> Yeah the 9th. So you can see there um if
you can see my cursor but there is a a
bit of a spike there from
>> right
>> around like 55k to 100 100k. So yeah
there was a lot of lot of activity
>> in there when the tina the rules project
got released.
>> Yeah.
So issues open and closed for TCMS. Uh
we had last month 18 issues opened and
15 closed. This month we had 12 opened
and one closed.
>> Also
>> organization.
Oh yeah, sorry Brook.
>> All good. Looking at the organizations
and projects created over the last seven
days, we had an increase from 79 to 88,
which is awesome. Um, looking at the
monthly trend, it's still slightly going
down, but looks pretty healthy
regardless.
Um, in terms of the user on boarding, we
had a decrease from 10% to 6% and a
collaborator decrease from 32 to 16%,
which is a little unfortunate, but could
still be um, recovering from the
Christmas holidays.
Um, looking at our onboarding stats, the
>> just just with that previous stat with
the collaborators being collaborators
being invited, um, if the everyone at
SSW was invited, I assume that would be
included on that collaborator stats, can
we check to see who didn't
um, go through and make a commit after
after in being invited?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Can we actually find the names and
talk to them?
>> Y um although the onboarding is going
down here, the actors user is still the
primary choice, which is great. It's all
we care about in this instance.
U looking at the unique cloners for each
of the starters templates, it seems
there's been quite large decreases. Um
barebones being barebones and
self-hosted being hit the most,
going down quite a lot. I'm looking at
our package downloads for the week,
we've had an increase from 26,000 to
28,000, which is always nice to see. Um,
there were no progress to the epics that
are in this sprint. Um, and in terms of
experimental work, Jack worked on some
of the search um, issues there.
Um, and then in terms of AI tools, it
seems everyone on the team is using Yak
Shaver and some form of C-pilot or
cursor.
Okay, so these stats, what I'd like you
to do is click on that first link. Um,
does anyone remember looking at these
stats last week when it was just a
Claude prompt? Uh, now it is changed to
be a um a claw claude code um and agents
and skills and he said be critical and
give advice or something. So it is a lot
more uh it's said let's just look at the
key decisions if we can if we can um
have a look at that. Now this one is not
like um copilot. It's just looking at
the transcript. It's saying the key
decisions just make it a little larger.
Keep SS SSO login as secondary option by
Brooke. Uh separate Dunia from the
search feature PBI decided by Matt. Uh
assign an invitation bug to Kaha decided
by Eli. Delay V4 spec review if client
work conflicts by Matt. Consolidate
examples using shared content no subm
modules by Matt and sprint prior
priorities search docs video first then
media management decided by Matt. So uh
and it's got lots of little comments um
about you know clear prioritization and
stuff like that. Action items uh well
first of all before I read out the
action items were the key decisions
somewhat accurate pretty good. The
action items are complete search
documentation, complete media
management,
uh implement new indexing logic or media
management, uh client review,
uh that doesn't okay, so that might take
them away from the team.
Uh create dunia for the search feature.
Investigate invitation acceptance bug
and add post hog for
>> for beta metrics
>> would have been better better metrics.
>> Offer better offer better metrics. Okay.
Schedule UX review for explore menu with
Matt. Remove deprecated repos and cell
deployments. Oh, that's a good one.
Thank you. and uh consolidate example
repos and fixed daily CI clear in box to
zero. Good. Okay. All right. Somewhat
good. Um
fun. All right. Let's scroll down and
see what criticism it gives us. Okay.
The product owners disconnected. Matt
admitted he hasn't looked at the backlog
in weeks.
Why?
>> How dare you have holidays, Matt?
>> Yeah, it's exposing a lot. The product
owner is responsible for prior prior
prioritization.
Uh that was raised by Matt Wixs. He self
admitted it.
>> Yeah, cuz I went on holiday.
>> Scrum master excluded. Eli had to ask
what is V4 during planning. He wasn't on
the strategic thread about the most
important initiative. Oh, that's a good
one. Um daily CI failing silently. Ivan
revealed the daily CI hasn't been
failing hasn't been failing for a while.
Has sorry
>> and has normalized. People are ignoring
automated quality checks. Very good. All
right. All good. Uh click on the
timeline. What's there?
Okay. So, it says 45 minutes and these
are the different things you did. The
title tags and Yeah. Good, good, good.
Scroll down. It says, oh, did you see it
said 12 minutes wasted? Here we go. Oh,
dead time. What's that red stuff?
>> Probably waiting for you.
>> Nice, nice formatting there. Dead
bedtime forecast setup. Almost 5 minutes
was lost to set up and waiting. Small
talk about Matt's Japan trip.
Goodness. Wait.
>> So, it had context that I was on holiday
and then complained that
>> Yes,
>> I took holiday.
>> All right, keep going down. That's
great, isn't it? Uh, so
>> $15 wasted.
>> Yes. Uh
>> yeah, the meeting cost is good.
>> It doesn't really know. I charge you
right.
Um sprint planning work assignment
discussed invitation acceptance bug
assigned to Kaha media indexing
carryover. Critical Matt claims bug is
by design. Eli and Ivan disagree. Oh,
this is good. Uh team member assign
complex bug without context. Oh, good.
All right. Anyway, so keep going down.
Now, the thing that I'm noticing is
there's no talk about this image bug.
You know, the the one that we couldn't
let people use for SSW rules because of
a Tina image bug. And it seems more
important than most of this stuff.
Scrolling down,
>> that's media management. Basically just
said, yeah, we're going to work on that.
That was the entire context. And
indexing talk is about the same thing,
>> right? Okay.
>> Be part of this. Yeah. media
measurement.
>> If you putting an image into onto a
document and you're getting a nasty
error message that seems
high priority to me,
>> uh, click people and rolls
and uh, it worked out that uh, Eli is a
facilitator
and he consumes more airtime than ideal.
Okay, Matt,
>> what does that even mean? Now, you know,
we don't tell it that Matt is the
product owner, and no one says, "Hey,
product owner." It's just the way that
the conversations go. Matt,
underprepared, but still directive when
pressed.
>> There's a hidden cost. Ivan's uh
pipeline insight was nearly lost. Uh,
sorry, that was very quiet. Okay. And
there's a hidden cost. Kaha asked zero
questions during the first meet. A lost
learning opportunity. All right. Very
good. Scroll down. I
>> don't think that was directed to mine.
And I think it was directed to Brook's
mic, not my thing.
>> Uh, is the hidden cost incorrect?
>> I think so. Yeah.
>> What What does it mean? Sorry, that was
very quiet.
>> Oh, your mic. Oh, sorry.
>> Brook said something I couldn't hear
him. And I think that thing decided it
was attracted to me.
>> I was talking about your mic when you're
talking about
>> I haven't mentioned my mic. That's
everyone else.
>> Okay.
>> Nothing wrong with my end.
>> All right. Scroll down.
>> I can hear myself.
>> Did you switch mics
>> to this one? That's it.
Okay, good. Oh, that's it. And uh what's
insights
and some notable quotes? Let's do a
notable quote. What was that?
>> Oh, notable quote.
>> Yeah, notable quote. Uh I haven't looked
at the backlog in weeks.
I'm not convinced it's ever been alive
in my lifetime here.
My fear is just it'll be some more tech
debt that's going to be added on. Yep.
Oh, that's a good one. And Brooks one
plans can change so there aren't locked
in Matt.
>> Oh, there's Matt saying that. Plans can
change. They got it wrong. Weird. Oh,
sorry. Am I reading it wrong?
>> Yeah, you're reading it wrong.
>> Yeah, sorry.
>> Yes. Okay, good. And what's next?
Analytics. Anything there?
Uh,
wonder why it scrolls down. Uh, and it
thinks that basically you you broke this
down by talking about examples and
sprint planning, dead time, media
management, title tags and SSO and
miscellaneous stuff. Next, trends.
>> Trends
>> and
Okay. Read. All right. Good. Good. Good.
All right. Sounds looks looks like fun.
Uh, thank Callum for that or thank
Claude for that. Good. Let's keep going.
Let's see what Copilot says.
>> Do you want to continue on, Brook?
>> Uh, yep. So, Eli did most of the
talking, followed by Matt, me, and Jack
with the V coming in occasionally, and
then Isaac and Kaha just being along for
the ride.
Um, according to this AI, the main item
completed was adding title tags. Um,
yeah, I guess so. I would say probably
the the table, right? Or the
>> I would say the search.
>> Yeah.
Table or the search,
>> right? Uh,
>> okay. with the retro. Um
>> I guess the the the search did um was
was the largest piece of completed work.
So the rules team are ready to um just
upgrade to the latest version. They
don't need to make any config changes.
Um Jack's going to fix up the documents,
the docs for that and then work on a
video to uh for the channel to get that
over the line uh to finish that off. Um
but we did uh we did talk about that you
know there was it was quite a productive
sprint and it was good to pair up with
people um and uh there was a lot of good
improvements on the Tina cloud UX in
terms of what didn't go so well um which
there was um some issues uh raised
around the rules launch uh around a few
different facets of it so editorial
workflow media management and au and
authentication
And whilst a lot of stuff was done,
there weren't a lot of done on the
board.
So in terms of you know the next week um
break down larger PBIS into smaller ones
just so we can track that velocity.
Cool. Cheers Matt.
So moving on to the uh sprint 90
forecast
sprint goals search docs and video
finished. So yeah, some docs and video
uh for the new search functionality.
Um and we've also got uh the media
management making sure that those
indexes are working and are all seated
for existing uh users.
All right, I have to ask what about uh
the bugs that were raised with media
management in
>> Yeah. So the work that needs to be done
to resolve that is to add in the
branching for media management and for
that to go in we need the uh media
management indexes.
>> Okay. So this is can you put in brackets
a prerequisite for the the nasty error
messages that are popping up? Rick is
>> Adam. For context, Jack and I did a bit
of soul searching in the media manager
space and seems that the editorial
workflow is the main culprit here. So,
it will work okay for most users that
are not using it. So, if they are
pushing stuff direct, then when they
update, delete, and get images, it works
fine. So, that's why we're starting with
indexes and editorial workflow. So, it
seems like a side step, but it's
actually a step in the right direction
to fix that.
>> Okay. Uh, part of what does my head in
is the image goes in nicely, but it has
the impression from the error message
that it didn't even work and it's there.
>> Yeah. So, there's a I think there's a
couple bugs there. There's one uh that
Michaela raised where the image uh
doesn't go in correctly because it's
trying to push into a branch that is
protected.
Um, and then there's other ones where
yeah, it's trying to push into a an
unprotected branch and then it's just
throwing an error out. But all of these
can be resolved once we get the media
management indexing in and set up it uh
set up the media management through the
editorial workflow.
>> Okay. So once this if this works nicely
with Eli and Ivan doing this, does that
mean in the next sprint it's gone away
or not?
No, it's a it's a bit of work around the
media management. So, okay. Yeah. Yeah.
So, it won't be The reason I'm asking is
obviously I want to send a ring the bell
for the rules team for everyone to try
including the images, but I don't want
to do that until this is done.
>> Yeah. No. Yeah, there'll be a bit of
work around that. So, I don't imagine it
will be done next sprint.
>> Okay,
>> cool.
Um so for a backlog key things to note
obviously the
finishing off the search functionality
uh not functionality but the
documentation and video uh media
management
and
we've got some additional work around
the refactoring of the examples which is
going to be great since that's been
around for a while and it have been
we've been getting a lot of um issues
raised in Discord. around those um
examples. So, refracting those out will
be great. Um we didn't have too much
chat around Discord, which was um
unfortunate, but um yeah. Uh and yeah,
that's about it for the backlog.
>> Sorry, before you go. Um is there any
other ones that were raised from the SSW
rules launch?
Yeah. So we had quite a few raised uh
about the way we generally handle
markdown. So essentially we had one
about not handling the brackets in a
email template properly and a few of the
simil nature but it will take a lot of
effort to fix those. So Jack and I had a
general estimate and it's probably
another epic to rewrite or at least
readress the way we pass markdown in
general. So while we've looked at them
that's not exactly something we can
easily fix right now.
>> Right.
>> My my assumption is in this V4
investigation slashwork this will be
solved.
>> So I don't think it's worth spending
time
>> but V4 is a long way away.
>> It you'd be redoing the same work. you'd
be duplicating the work. It is it is it
won't be worth fixing it here if we're
just going to end up rewriting the whole
pipeline in the V4,
>> right?
>> There's a lot of wasted time. Both of
them
>> long refactors
>> is so B4 obviously has a the front end
and it has the APIs.
If we concentrated on B4 of the APIs,
then it wouldn't be wasted work.
>> That's this is what the first spike is
going to be about to figure that all
that out.
>> Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. Another one that's on the
backlog for the next sprint is the
invitation acceptance which was raised a
lot around uh when of that uh with the
rules. Um yeah, it was more around just
yeah that whole invitation process
inviting people to projects. Um it's not
entirely clear
um or couldn't be. It's not as clear as
it could be.
Um so yeah,
>> uh ju just before we finish that is is
there any like I can see you've
prioritized the the refactor examples
and the samples are important to fix up
but they've been broken for a long time.
>> This other stuff that's popped up seems
more pressing. Uh does anyone think that
we should be working on the ones that
were just reported by a whole bunch of
people? Another reason we want to
refactor all of these examples is right
now Tina CMS is very hard to test our
changes to make sure they actually work.
>> Okay.
>> So by refactoring these examples, we'll
have four projects that we can actually
>> properly test against
>> cuz right now it's just kind of
>> finger in the wind.
>> This looks about right.
>> Okay. All right.
So for the co-pilot stats, uh the next
main item, uh is to complete the search
documentation and produce produce a
video, which was one of the sprint
goals. So I would say that's pretty
accurate.
Um
yeah,
so thank you all for attending this
meeting. Uh, this will be uploaded to
the Tina CMS YouTube channel under the
sprint summaries playlist. Hope you
enjoyed. Cheers.
>> Thanks, Eli. Cheers.
