Product: YakShaver
Title: Sprint 91 - SSW YakShaver - Review and Planning meeting 2026-01-05
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZPKLAXkS2o
UploadDate: 20260105

This is Yak Shaver sprint review number
91. So it's been a year since our last
sprint review. So let's jump right into
it.
So the sprint goal for from last sprint
was to get someone outside of the Yakiva
team to start Canary testing. Uh that
has been done. We've gotten Jeffrey on
board to go through the canary testing
process. Um and at the end of the week
he gave it a test pass and we can go we
can walk through some of the feedback he
had for us.
Uh so time she said so Rick, Willow and
Jeffrey was doing some testing on it and
Rick and Willow were on the team.
So there was
>> only three people only three people
working last sprint.
>> Yeah, it was the new year holidays.
So the first one is
my tenant uh see to be able to see other
users when you're the admin. So Tom did
this one. Tom, do you want to go through
the changes you've done?
>> Yeah. So last year uh I sent out a done
video, guys. If you haven't seen it yet,
uh you're very late to that. But the
change we made was we separated the
system info page on the portal into two
section. One my tenant which shows all
the my tenant information
as well as a list of all the users shave
shapes under that tenant. And the
separate the second section is the
system info section where we have just
uh system information
that are relevant to the portal and the
Yakima V1 app.
Uh do you have any questions? Um
>> uh can we bump it up to 125%?
>> Of course.
125
looks good.
Okay, good.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. And on that note, Michaela
does want to have some changes there
which will come in the
>> future once she's ready with the
redesign some of the aspects.
>> Just very small things. But when you've
got a label and you've got the data so
far away, it's weird. So, I'd have the
labels closer to the data and I'd have
the labels aligned to the right and the
data aligned to the left. It is good
that labels are are not bold and the
data is bold so you're making the data
more obvious.
>> Yep,
>> that's good.
>> There's a rule about it.
>> Okay,
>> thank you.
>> Um, did you get this passed before when
in production? Like did you or you put
it in production then ask for feedback?
[clears throat]
>> No, I did ask for feedback early on.
Okay. And that's why I know Michaela
wants some changes, but I decided to
release the V1 um because I didn't know
how long the uh Figma updates take.
>> Now when I look in the protocol, I see
system info, right?
>> Yes.
>> I expect settings would have a dotted
line under it or something. So it's been
changed.
>> And then you click settings and I'm
looking in the left hand nav. I do not
see the word settings anywhere.
Do you see that? So I expect to see
setting somewhere because I don't know
which part of it is. Which option in the
left hand menu is it?
>> It's not. It's a relic from an old.
>> So how do I get to it?
>> There at the very bottom there's a
button in system info at the very
bottom.
>> But system info is not right.
>> Correct.
>> Okay.
>> Yes. That's uh breadcrumb issue.
>> Well, that should say delete the word
settings.
>> Yeah. Oh, are you? Oh,
>> so just say system info.
>> That's weird. I would I wouldn't do it
that way. I'd say settings on the left
hand nav and then system info because
there'll be more things under under
settings. There'll be more than system
info. I mean, isn't everything a setting
though?
>> Yes, we had settings.
>> That's probably why it's there.
>> Correct. We had before the integrations,
the projects and users and I think
subscriptions under a settings made new
change. it it's just the esoteric stuff
like if you know if we have an option
there that allows people from Europe to
the right to delete my account or
whatever that'll be living under one of
these hidden menu settings you know that
stuff
all right cool keep going
>> cool
and another one I want to bring up is
this one by Rick the project selection
control so before u when
uh someone was on the ask mode on the
team's app and they wanted to process a
video, it would just ask do you want to
process your video and you can process
or cancel. But now uh you can also
select a project that it will go to. So
if you're you want to let it always go
to a specific project, you can change it
or you can let AI do the work for you by
just clicking process immediately.
And the same is is the same for the
threshold card. And it just makes it um
gives more confidence to the user that
okay when I do this shave I will want it
to always go to this specific project.
Uh any questions on this one?
>> Is that is that for the desktop app or
is this part of the teams thing?
>> This is this is for teams. Okay.
Nothing else can move on back to the
email.
Sorry, just just be clear. Is that going
to be deprecated then or are we
expecting to still use teams?
>> Yes, it's going to be deprecated. Uh but
it was sort of a easy feature that
people were asking for. So we just went
ahead and added it because it wasn't
much effort.
>> I didn't really understand what the
feature is. So obviously it
automatically looks for a project.
That's how it works by default. So
what's the what's the drop down?
>> It now gives gives you the opportunity
before it automatically looks for a
project to just tell it which project
you want to sh
>> while it's shaving. Okay, I'm with you
now.
>> Mhm.
>> Right.
>> And that was easy to implement. So we
just went ahead and did it. But the the
desktop app will work in a similar way
when we implement that.
>> Right.
And can you set like in your settings,
can you set a default project?
>> Uh, no.
>> No. Okay.
>> I'm a little confused why you said that
the teams version is going to be removed
>> because it is.
>> So, you won't be able to use it inside
teams anymore.
>> Uh, eventually. Yeah.
When the desktop app does everything the
Teams app can do, uh, I envision
there'll no longer be a need for the
team.
>> How you feel about that, Julie?
>> Uh, probably fine. Uh, because I'm
expecting the desktop app to be, you
know, tens of times more powerful than
the current app. And also, the process
of actually getting into Teams to do a
recording at the moment is very clunky.
Um, like I don't use Teams. I use
Windows shift R.
>> Yes. But you got to think about the
marketing aspect. Being in the Teams
marketplace that store is a good thing.
>> Well, maybe. But I mean, we're going to
be in the Windows marketplace with the
desktop app. U maybe we can keep the
Teams app as a
>> marketing thing
>> as it is. I don't know. And then when
people install it, we try and steer them
towards a desktop app.
>> Um, but I I I think the point is we're
not going to put a huge amount of
development effort into upgrading the
Teams app. Uh whether or not we actually
delete it, I guess is a separate
question.
>> All right. Uh so you added a new feature
just now. Are you going to keep feature
par like you've just done?
>> Yeah. The idea is the desktop app should
do everything the teams app can do plus
a whole lot more.
>> And if you create a new feature in the M
uh MCP version, will you add it back in
Teams?
>> No, we've already added a million new
features in the MCP version that are not
available in the Teams version.
>> Okay. So you're not keep keeping feature
par
>> where they parody you in one direction.
If the teams app can do it, the desktop
Why is that funny? If the teams app can
do it, the desktop app can do it, but
not vice versa.
>> Correct. There will be some limitations,
>> right? And where you can you'll have
feature carrying.
>> Sure. Where we can that's a very
>> not unspecific thing. I think I think
Callum's like thinking backwards
compatible like not really like feature
parody means both versions are kind of
on the same level,
>> right? Okay. Yeah. I I guess the new
version can do everything the old
version can do plus morph. That's the
way I think of it.
>> There we go. Uh cool. Before I move on
with the
uh with the email, are there any PPIs
that catch your eye that you want me to
go through?
>> Yeah, give me a sec. Uh, homepage
display broken. It's just a bug. I guess
that should have had the little bug
symbol. Uh, my tenants see other users.
Did we talk about that already?
>> Yep.
>> That was the one video.
>> It was I think Steven once with Tina
collab.
>> Oh, yes. So, it's in review, but um I
guess Stephen, you can talk about your
the blog that you just published with
Yak Shaver.
>> Uh, yeah, sure. Uh it's not published
yet but we did experiment during the
spring review. Um
just let me quick share my screen.
So yak shaver now not only can create
PPIs but also creating blobs blogs. So
what I did was like download the YouTube
link, not download copy the YouTube link
of the previous spring summary into Yaka
and change the prompt to um Yaka and
then it create created a blog
uh into our Yaka
uh website and here is the PR that just
created there's a summary of what we did
on the previous summary and uh
what are we going to do for this sprint?
So this is how powerful of the MCPA
is and maybe there's a reason uh teams
can't do with all these features
that MCP action can do.
>> Nice.
So now we can use Yaka desktop to
automate our blog posts using Tina CMS.
That's why that's why today Tina CMS
t-shirts.
>> Oh,
I'll pick up the screen share.
>> Thank you for that.
>> Any questions?
>> Any questions?
I think I do have one one PBI that's
there that's uh I'm confused why it's
still not done and I'm sure there's a
technical blocker of some kind but how
come we're not on 5.2 yet?
>> Yes.
>> Hold on. We've just gone past that
feature. Yeah, you said cool but I don't
really understand.
>> So well I assumed it's just it's just
hooking ash up as a prompting engine
into anything, right? So you you just
just like you can say,
>> "Hey Siri, tell my wife blah blah blah."
Don't actually do that, by the way,
Siri. Um, all that's doing is taking my
prompt and putting it through the
message app. So what he's done is he's
hooked up yak shaver to to push through
to Tina to make a write a blog. So it's
given a it's given a prompt to chat or
whatever to come up with the content for
a blog and then it's pumped it through
into
>> Can you show the custom prompt that you
use, Stephen? It might clarify how you
how it works. And why would I be opening
yak shaver to do a block?
>> Well, the whole idea of yak shaver is
taking a video and using that video to
perform actions via MCP,
>> right?
>> So in this case, the video is the sprint
review summary. The actions you want to
perform is create a blog and so you use
the action to perform at those actions
using the video as input.
>> Oh, okay. So
>> let's get published.
>> Let me share my screen.
>> Yeah. So the idea behind this, by the
way, I'm trying to build a sort of a
portfolio of interesting use cases for
Yak Shaver. One of them is what I
already showed you, which was printing
out labels, uh, you know, showing when
you've got an office defect, you want to
print out a label, so you can stick it
there.
>> And this is the other cool use case,
which is, uh, you know, using Yakamber
to produce blogs based on videos that
we've already recorded,
>> right? Giving Yaka a video to create a
blog.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. M
>> and also having a prompt just specific
uh specifically to ask Yaka to create a
blog for you.
>> So Yak doesn't just create issues, it
creates blogs and it creates potent
pages whatever you tell it to do with
the tools you get it.
>> So you could potentially ask it to
create a page on the SSW website.
>> Exactly. If you've got a git based uh
CMS like Tina,
>> all right,
>> that you're using, then you just use the
GitHub MCP to, you know, create a bunch
of files in your repo and then you've
got a blog post.
>> All right,
>> it's it's video Siri basically. So Siri
is audio only. This is technically this
is also audio only, but with a
screenshot and a video in the back end.
But
>> it's just another way to pass a prompt
onto a model which is hooked up to an
MCP to hook up to any tool.
>> It's it's not audio only now. We've
added uh tools to analyze the
screenshots that it takes as well.
>> Oh, cool. I was thinking about that.
>> Slightly better than that.
>> Wow.
>> It doesn't analyze the whole video, but
it can take screenshots and analyze
what's on the screen.
>> That's very cool. How often?
>> Uh that's up to your
>> Yeah, you can just um edit prompt and
match your
>> your
Let's get back on track here. So, you're
just showing
>> create a a wiki. You could you could do
whatever you want. That's all I did.
>> So Tina, so Yak Shaver and Tina
integrated integrated now.
>> Yak just had sex with Tina.
>> Now we have a weird hybrid yak llama.
>> Apologies to anyone viewing this on
YouTube.
>> You're concerned about me eating.
[laughter]
Yeah, it's
>> to like, share, and subscribe.
>> So, so is this hooking up to a Tina MCP?
No,
>> no, it's just the GitHub MCP, right,
Stephen?
>> Yes, GitHub MCP.
>> There's nothing
specific you need to do. All you do is
create a markdown page and that that's
your blog.
>> Yeah, which that's the same way I used
it like GitHub copilot and cursor with
the website GitHub.
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah. You don't need you don't need to
see
>> you can talk to about what you want uh
the blog post to be about and it created
[clears throat]
>> that's cool
>> or feed an existing video.
>> Yeah. Now obviously if you were just
creating your own blog post on your own
topic you could easily just use your
curse or any other agent to do that. The
whole idea of this was we already
produced all these weekly videos showing
what we're doing in Yakshaver and Yak
shaver has the ability to consume an
existing video as input. So we're
basically just getting free blog posts
out of the content we're already
producing using Yak Shaver rather than
doing additional effort to create blog
post. That was
>> done videos or sprint I guess. Yeah.
Nice.
>> Does that make more sense Adam?
>> Good. Carry on.
>> Cool.
>> So, five 5.2. What's going on with that?
>> It is pending release. So, we wanted to
I mean, it's obviously a major update to
Yak Shaver and we wanted to I I think
get more people to test it before we
push it out. So, it's currently on the
staging environment and and I've just
asked that before we release it this
evening that we just have a few more
eyes on it to make sure it, you know,
still seems to generally work, but
hopefully it will.
>> And is this for just the desktop version
or everything?
>> This is just the [clears throat] old
version
>> version. Yeah,
>> the desktop version is already using
five GPD 5 already.
>> So, this is the team's version.
>> Yeah,
>> correct. Oh wow. Okay, that's cool. Uh
are we going to move the um the desktop
version to 5.2 from five as well?
>> What is the desktop version currently
using? Can you confirm? It's not GPT5,
is it?
>> I think it's 5 mini.
>> Yes, 5 Mini.
>> 5 Mini. Yeah. So I guess the answer to
that is yes.
>> Wow. Okay, that's cool. That should
improve things a lot.
>> Yes.
>> Yep. And and I think we also need to
have a option to let user to choose
which model they want to use.
>> Yeah.
>> In the desktop version.
>> Yeah.
>> Team version might be a bit hard.
>> Yeah. Teams version is pretty fine.
>> Yeah.
>> Again, longterm we're we're expecting
main most people to only use the desktop
version.
>> Correct.
>> I wouldn't add that option until people
start requesting it.
>> I agree. We're we're not we might get
there one day, but but not yet. For now,
we we just wanted to always use
whatever's best. Uh that's not going to,
you know, break the bank, I guess.
>> Y
>> any other PBIS before I move on?
>> Uh no, that's good.
>> If not, I'll hand it over to
>> Can we try and keep consistent with
using emojis or not using emojis and
then and then titles just make
>> Yeah, that's a bug that we've got in
next sprint. Those are Yak shaver
created PBIS and it has regressed some
of its behavior with creating issued
titles and that's a bug we're going to
tackle next sprint.
>> Yes, they should have been manually
updated I suppose.
>> Lovely.
>> Yeah. So I'll hand it over to Baba to
take it over.
>> Okay. Thanks Louis. Uh so code coverage
remained same at 28.2% 2% and also in
the during the sprint review we shaved
another issue to create to calculate
code coverage for desktop app. So yeah
and uh for production release for teams
app we had two production releases and
four uh uh desktop production releases.
Thank you Luis
>> and Stephen can you please go through
the app health?
>> Yeah sure. Um so for the app health we
had uh 100% availability for the last uh
seven days and on the chart we can see a
spike on the failed response. Uh after
the investigation those are just 404 um
the web scrap scraper tried to uh scrape
some information from our service. So we
can ignore that. Other than um our app
is healthy.
Where do you where do you get 100% from?
>> Top right.
>> Application insight.
>> Oh, sorry. Availability. Right. Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> That's all the teams app, isn't it?
That's not the desktop app. Is that
right?
>> Yeah, that's the team.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. And for the monthly usage, we have
Josh on the top and followed by Thiago
and Yudi. Welcome back, Yudi. [laughter]
come to the third again.
>> It would be good uh on that uh to to
show uh shaves in the desktop app versus
the teams app as well now that we're
getting more people on the desktop app.
>> I think we have that.
>> I'm pretty sure we had that.
>> Okay. Yeah, that rings the bell. I think
we've got that in the backlog.
>> Can you do that one too?
>> You're the leaderboard expert, Stephen.
So, um hopefully that's not too hard to
do. We have already stored the data.
>> Yeah, we have already stored the data in
the database. We just need the UI
>> to show that. Yeah.
>> Is the desktop app available for Mac?
>> Yes.
>> Woohoo.
>> Very good question. Yes.
>> Can I have it, please? Thank you.
>> 100 bucks straight into my account.
[laughter]
>> Hold up. Hold up. How is it available
for Mac? Do we do it crossplatform?
>> Yep. Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, cool.
>> Yeah, it's from the bikini.
>> Using what?
>> Electron.
>> Electron.
>> Electron.
>> Yeah.
>> Because we have a few Mac users
unfortunately in our team. So,
>> yeah. Mostly Matt uses on the Asha team.
So, we had to.
>> Fair enough.
>> Yeah.
Will are you able to go through the
product road map?
>> Yeah. So for our epic the progress is
89%
is decreased by 1% like is the holiday
season we got some slow progress and for
the backlog stats um for yak shaver we
got 31 of 35 they are labeled with um
yak shaver and for the desktop we got 32
of 37 if you are labeled
Yeah, that's all for the backlog stats.
>> I hand it over to Tom to go through R&D
tools and turn stats.
>> Yes. So since uh the last week was going
over the Christmas holiday and the New
Year's holiday, most people were taking
some leave and we didn't have any
research and development PIs done. Uh
there are some changes to AI tools.
Lewis started using Gemini 3 Pro and
Willow started using Google Anti-gravity
and Gemini Pro.
>> Is your hard drive still intact?
>> Never mind.
>> No, it's not.
>> [laughter]
>> And yeah, the uh Christmas and news
break uh you can see also in our tenants
stats um the total number of tenants uh
increased by one. We have now 44 tenants
in the database.
Um but no new shaves and the most shaves
that we have were done by SSW
and
the number of shaves is 34
uh new shaves using the team set and
nine using the MCP
which is the desktop.
Uh, do we have any questions
on this section?
If not, I hand it back to Lewis.
>> Thank you, John.
And on the pilot, let's set Tina, are
you able to go through these?
>> Yeah. All right, let's go. All right.
So, for the stats, should shouldn't it
be claw stats in this case? Uh, since
it's done by
>> It should be. Yeah. Can you strike out
co-pilot replaces with Claude?
>> Yes.
>> What's this?
>> Yeah.
>> So, for some reason the co-pilot um
meeting summary failed. Uh we're not
really sure why, but what we did instead
was download the transcript and then put
it into Claude and ask for a an
insightful dashboard summary. So, that's
why it looks different to normal.
Very cool. Uh is the X-axis minutes or
words or probably words, I guess.
Speaking of segments, I guess that was
the amount of number of times you said
something, I suppose. Okay.
>> Yeah. So, I guess we've got like Caleb
and Louis the most, right? And then
Stephen, which sounds about right since
you know in the entire meeting these two
are just like going at it. All right,
scroll down a little.
Okay, now for uh
keep observations. Now Lewis to serve as
the meeting facilitator driving the
agenda through sprint review items uh
time sheets and backlo stats. Uh was the
one most active discussant uh providing
extensive feedback technical guidance
and the product direction throughout.
Now Stephen Sean contributed primarily
uh primarily on technical topics CI/CD
pipeline fixes uh GBT model update and
tenant stats. uh Willoo uh presented her
uh completed work items. So, YouTube
connection card, data based schema and
video uh meta data savings. Now, Tino
and Michaela uh contributed on UX design
discussions especially on the um the
wizard uh setup wizard part. Now, Bubba
provided input on bug fixes and MCP
authentication issues.
the meeting ran approximately
>> that's more comprehensive than the than
the regular uh stats. So it's
interesting to see
>> and it did really well on it. Yeah.
>> Nice.
>> Nice.
>> Is this Sonic?
>> That's Opus 4.5.
>> Opus. He went hard. Okay. [laughter]
>> No wonder it did so well. Yeah. Compil's
not going to do well. The cheapest
possible model they can get hold of.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> Yeah.
>> Cool. Thank you for that, Tina. I'll
hand it over to Callum to go through the
retro points.
>> Thank you, Lewis. Uh, so what went well?
Uh, I said the sprint goal was achieved.
Uh, so obviously we had been trying for
a couple of sprints to get canary
testing uh, moving. It is now underway.
Jeffrey has test passed it. Uh, which is
good. And we're going to continue canary
testing next week. It sounds like we've
got a volunteer in GE, which is good.
And I guess Julie will want to have a
go, too. Now you had it like all of a
sudden in one sprint you had everybody
in the team start using it and Jeffrey
>> how much feedback did you get?
>> Uh I think Jeffrey raised one was it one
or two blocking issues and then two
issues and then a handful of
non-blocking issues which are also in
the backlog.
>> Have you fixed any of them?
>> Yes. That's why he gave it a pass. We
fixed the two blocking issues.
>> Okay. Well, that's good.
>> And I created the wizard component based
off of that.
>> Okay. Oh, right. So, the wizard came
after Jeffy's problems. Okay.
>> Um, not before
>> because there was a blocking criteria
for me.
>> Yeah, that was from within the team
before.
>> Oh, the team wanted wizard, right? Okay.
>> I'm
>> really curious to see what the setup's
like with the wizard, by the way. That's
a big thing for me.
>> Yep. Well, you can have a look when you
do the canary test. Uh, next one. Tom
said, "Mixie's new wizard designs."
>> Who's Mixie? Is that Wixie or Oh,
Michaela. Right. Yeah, Mixie's new
wizard designs [laughter]
for adding MCP servers are really nice
and I agree they are cool and hopefully
a lot more user friendly than what we
originally rolled with. Um, Willow said,
uh, getting user feedback and knowing
where to improve is good and I agree.
Obviously, we can come up with whatever
we want, but we're super familiar with
the app. Once it hits some people who
aren't super familiar, that's where it,
you know, we need to be more user
friendly. Uh what didn't go well? I said
slow progress due to holidays. So
obviously we only had a couple of people
working um this sprint. So we didn't get
as much done as normal. Um
Tom mentioned some code reviews are
marked as resolved without any comments
which is difficult to assess if they're
implemented or not. Um so you know when
you do a PR and you leave a comment
sometimes people are just marking them
as resolved without commenting. Um which
is uh some behavior that needs to be
fixed. And I think we've we've got an
SSW rule, have we? Or you're going to
write an SSW rule?
>> If we don't have one already, I would
write one.
>> Excellent. And that could be a chewing
the fat topic or something like that.
>> And you could write it with Yacho.
>> Yes,
>> absolutely.
>> After you record the paint,
>> now that we know you can uh write blog
post, you could record a video and then
use that to create a rule using Yaka.
>> Exactly.
>> This is so funny.
>> Not funny. It's the future of SSW rules.
>> An AI slot. future of everything. Well,
it's not slop
um
>> instead of human crafted.
>> That's correct. All right. What What
else didn't go well? So, there was an
Azure CLI bug that delayed a production
release cuz it I guess changed an
output. So, that broke. We had to fix
it. It wasn't a big deal, though. Uh
what needs to improve?
GitHub MCP uh for Lewis keeps opening up
authentication uh windows every time he
creates a shave. So other apps like
cursor and stuff like that, they sort of
keep a local storage of your token. So
you don't need to keep reauthenticating
every time you shave. Uh with our uh Yak
shaver desktop app at the moment, it
doesn't do that. So that's one one uh
thing we need to improve. And I think
we've got a PBI for that on the backlog
um just to store that token. And Tom
said, well, that's related to what
didn't go well. So, we should always add
closing comments when resolving code
review comments, eg just say done if
it's simple or something else if it's a
more complex um resolution. And that's
it for the retro. Did anyone on this uh
in this meeting have anything else to
add while we're here?
>> No, but I will ask who is the main
person that's been dealing with electron
issues and expertise?
>> I don't think we have one go-to electron
person. I think most people have been um
dealing with
>> who has who feels like they dug into
electron.
No one.
>> I mean, if I had to go to someone to ask
for help, I would go to Tom or Baba. But
for me,
>> I would say,
>> but that's maybe that's because they
touch stuff within the app that's like
different from what I like Baba does
like authentication stuff, which I
haven't really touched. So maybe that's
an influence. And
>> yeah, I feel like Bubba's been doing
much of most of the authentication and
the updating stuff, right?
>> Yeah. Yes, that's correct. Yeah.
>> All right. I guess that's it for our
retrospective.
>> Carry on.
>> That is all. I can move on to the
planning. So for
sprint 92, the sprint goals will be to
improve Yakov Desktop's default prompts.
I run right now there's some issues with
uh dup duplicated PBIS and also template
consistency like there's no emojis and
stuff in front of the PBI titles just as
an example. So, we want to get those
kind of ironed out so at least the
default prompt is as good as it can be.
And we're aiming for three Canary test
passes. We have Hawk already lining up
to be the next tester.
>> It sounds like we can add GE to that
list and and Julie, I guess, as well.
>> I'm going to put it in.
There we go.
Um, these will be the PBAs. So, any
questions on on those
just looking down
>> that thing that um, Callum talked about
about looking like having a local copy
of the PAT. Um, is that in there?
>> Is this one?
>> Okay, beautiful.
Uh are we kind of reproducing claude
code in some level like we're doing all
the scaffolding around the model?
>> I don't know.
>> In what way are we reproducing claude
code?
>> Well, not maybe not claw code
specifically, but but cursor clawed
code, etc. All those like anything that
hooks in with an MCP. I guess I guess
you have to, right? So, no, don't worry.
I there's been a lot of chatter about
claw code this week, so I'm just it's
top of mind. Yeah, I mean sort of in
that it is an agent that uses MCPS to
perform actions. Um, and I am very uh
aware of the fact that we don't want to
just rebuild uh an already existing
larger agent that already does what
we're trying to do but better. So the
unique angle we're trying to spin with
the act shaver is that it takes a video
as the input which is what no one else
is doing.
>> Yeah. Cool. Which is why I was I was
bringing up like well actually we're
just taking the transcript. So when you
said that we are analyzing some of the
frames that that took some of the work
>> I think I think that's really important
for us to do because if we're not doing
that then you might as well just use an
agent that's better.
>> Yeah. Exactly. And there's a lot of
money going into claude code etc.
>> Exactly.
Um, what how many people have seen the
video by Chloe where she just records a
video on her phone as a video and then
she goes into teams and she goes to one
drive and she uploads the video and that
yak shaves it. Has anyone seen that
video at first?
>> Yeah.
>> Is that similar to what Hawk showed?
>> Right. Uh, no different. He had a mobile
app. She doesn't have a mobile app. She
just uses the screen recorder,
>> right? and she uses yak shaver that way
which is quite quite good. It's a
two-minute video. I recommend you check
it out.
>> But um what will this MCP version in
electron be working on a phone?
>> Well, what we have already is if you
connect your phone to your laptop, you
can use your phone to record something.
>> Okay.
>> So, we've already got that as like a
some way some work around to allow phone
recordings. Uh, I think longterm we do
want to add more phone integration. One
of the tricky things we've got is it's
hard to run um all MCP servers on a
mobile device um because obviously if
you've got sort of locally running MCP
servers uh they usually only work on a
on a computer, not on a on a mobile
phone. Um, but there's no reason why you
couldn't run uh for example uh
HTTP uh MCP servers. So potentially if
we limited it to HTTP only uh for
example the GitHub OOTH MCP server is an
HTTP server. You could potentially run
that from a mobile device from the
Electron app. And that is I guess the
next big thing we want to tackle once we
sort of nail down the release of the
desktop app. But yes, it it should be
doable.
>> So, will the question go?
>> Will the Electron app
>> No such thing, Julie.
>> Will the Electron app be installed on
anyone's phone?
>> Will it be or what do you mean by will
it be?
>> Well, do you have any plans to have that
Electron app on people's mobile devices?
>> Potentially in the future. We can. It's
an option that is available to us. We
haven't really thought about it yet.
>> Is it on the backlog?
Is it on the road map
>> either?
>> It's only in my brain at this stage, but
it probably should be.
>> Okay. Yeah, we should definitely be
putting it on the road map at least. So,
it's there as a thought. Agreed. Now you
have
>> we can use the action to update the
product road map,
>> right? And uh if that if that sharing
between devices scenario works, I would
ask Chloe to do a new version of the
video using that method.
>> Sharing between devices.
>> Yeah. So, so basically she wants to
record something on her phone and get
>> What do you mean like today? Yeah. Use
the the phone input to actually have a
desktop
>> or you talking about in the future when
we've got it running on the phone
directly?
>> Well, I'm talking about an intim
solution.
>> In solution is you can use your phone as
a camera input with the desktop app.
>> Right. You can do that today.
>> Okay. Well, let's ask her to do a new
version of that video.
>> Sure. when we get up to her for the
canary testing, we will request that she
does that.
>> Okay.
>> How clunky is that?
>> Uh, it's a couple minutes to set up, but
once it's set up, it's super easy. The
the camera just becomes another input.
So, when you go start recording, there's
a drop down where you can, you know,
pick your
>> desktop camera or your OBS input or
whatever else you've got. And the the
mobile phone camera input is just
another one on that drop down.
>> Nice. And so when you say it's
complement setup each time or just one
time?
>> Just a one time thing. You just need to
sort of connect your phone to your
laptop and that's not a yak shaver
thing. That's like a a a phone OS thing.
>> Yeah. Nice.
>> And it works on both Windows and Mac by
the way as well.
>> My stupid question is uh smart glasses.
Like if you need audio and video inputs,
smart glasses will provide those. Uh, is
there a way for us to
run this on a smart glasses on a
>> We have not tried it, but if if it works
in a similar way that the the phone
camera inputs do, which maybe it does,
then I'm not I'm not talking about the
interim solution. I'm talking about more
of a long-term thing. If we want it
running on mobiles, can we also get it
running on smart glasses?
>> Probably.
>> Yeah, because that could be cool.
>> Yeah.
>> Anyway, later. That's cool. All right.
Nice.
>> Yeah. Cool.
Nice. Anything else? No,
>> that's good. Thank you.
>> All right, this video will be on the
YouTube channel. As always, thank you
all for joining me in this meeting. See
you next time.
Bye.
