Product: YakShaver
Title: Sprint 92 - SSW YakShaver - Review and Planning meeting 2026-01-12
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3nL3o1V8u4
UploadDate: 20260112

Hey guys, welcome to sprint 92 for Yak
Shaver. We got a lot done this sprint,
so let's jump right into it.
So the spring goal for this week was to
improve the Yaksha desktop default
prompt uh to include some dduplication
and also temper consistency
which is done and also get three canary
test passes one from Hawk, one from G
and one from Yuli and that was done this
sprint as well.
>> Can you bump up this one just a bit?
>> Uh I can increase the zoom a little bit.
Yeah. Yeah, thanks.
>> Uh, so the time sheets mean that
everyone's back in the team
and onto the PBIS.
So the first one is
uh the same goal. So gap shaver desktop
improving the gap shaver desktop prompt.
So Tina, do you want to give us a bit of
what you've done to kind of help make
better uh PBIS? Yeah. So basically what
happened is that um there was some
updates in in the uh prompt engineering
and of course the template. So those two
work hand in hand uh into getting uh you
know better issues like created created
and also uh one key thing that was also
added in there is that uh it's going to
look into the repos like the issues
right and the pis and if there's any if
the new yak shave uh that was done has a
you know a potential duplicate it's
going to look for it and it's going to
comment on that uh already existing
issue.
uh and CC the original, you know, um
creator of that, you know, issue. Yeah.
So, we're going to have all those in
there. It's basically it.
>> Oh, any also emo and also emoji has been
added back into the titles. Yeah.
>> Nice.
>> Any questions on that?
>> If not, I'll move on. So the next one
was a bug that we had on the portal. So
Baba, do you want to talk about what
happened and how we fixed it?
>> Yeah, sure. Uh so on uh portal dashboard
uh on recent sh uh card as a null value
was being passed to next.js JS link
component and NexJS link component was
throwing null null exception and uh we I
worked with VO together uh to fix this
issue and VO helped to upload uh source
maps into production site and it helped
us to identify where this error null
error is coming from and and it has been
fixed. Yeah. So currently if uh there is
null value then it will show work item
title instead of work item URL.
Nice. Any questions on that?
>> No.
Uh I'll talk about the canary testing.
So we had Hawk, Julie and G do some
testing and we got some feedback from
them.
So, uh, Shark had some
a lot of UX related issues, uh, but
overall no blockers.
Julie had no blockers as well. Um,
let me just scroll all the way down to
his one,
the red Yuli here. So, he gave a test
pass uh, with a bunch of UX issues,
which is what um, Michaela has been
doing. uh this sprint as well. So
improving it, fixing all these issues in
the Figma design so that we can
implement them uh as well.
And
I had a few different issues. Uh he had
a few issues on his map due to
permissions. Uh but that has been fixed
and yeah, those have been implemented
already. Unfortunately, we can't we
weren't able to get a a verbal test
please from him because he's uh on
leave. So, we just presume he's test.
So, we close this issue, but he's um he
can reopen it if he finds more issues.
But, Stephen and I had a chat with him
today and he said other than those two,
he hasn't had any issues since. You you
said that you weren't able to get a
verbal test pass from GE, but you spoke
to him today.
>> So, I wasn't able to get him to write it
into the in the PBI.
>> But if you can say it, you can write it
for him.
>> Sure.
>> Yeah. You don't? Yeah.
>> Yeah. Just because he can't write it,
you can do it for
>> I believe that's what was done, right?
I think what wasn't done is because he's
on leave, he wasn't actually able to
retest it, uh, retest the app. So, we
just said, "We've fixed your blocking
issues." And he said, "All right, cool."
And that was it.
>> Okay. Um, just for audio, it's better if
you turn your head to the mic.
>> Okay.
>> That's much clearer. Yep. Thanks. Um,
now I did notice that Hark and Julie
specifically gave plenty of feedback in
typing. Why aren't they using Yak shaver
for their feedback?
>> That is a good uh that's a good point.
So, how to create PBIS? Yeah. How to
create PBIS?
>> Oh, yeah.
>> So, he shaped it with Steven.
>> Yeah. So, oh, he shaved them all with
Steven. Good. And then there's all this
extra typing underneath.
>> So, you need
>> I think Julie did that. I watched him go
through the the canary test for part of
it. I think he did it because he was
slowly going through the canary test
doing one at a time. So, he was just
listing dot points that he found.
Otherwise, it would have been one really
long recording.
>> All right. Julie's not in this meeting.
>> He had to leave at 5:00 p.m.
>> Oh, okay.
All right. Maybe you should start a bit
earlier so he can be in this meeting.
Um,
>> we started at 2:00. There was a lot to
talk about.
>> Wow, that is a long meeting. Okay. So,
did you do many yak shaves during this
meeting?
>> Yeah, we did three or four, I think.
>> Wow. Okay. Um,
when you do this feedback, would it be
better if you got the feedback from
Hark, you saw all these things and you
go, "Hold on, let me just let's fix a
couple of these before we give it to GE
and let's fix a couple of things from GE
before we give it to Julie." like each
version is slightly better.
>> Would you agree that's a better approach
than sending it out to three people?
>> Is that not what we did?
>> So we do them all in parallel.
>> No, we did one after the other. So we
did it sequentially.
>> So after hearts we had a few issues and
we can see one of them is already
completed. So we do pick up the issues
>> from that. The ones that are easy to
fix.
>> Okay. So shouldn't that G been before
Yuli?
The order was Hawk then Julie then.
>> Okay. All right. I would have done it
the other way but that's fine. So each
person there's a couple of days between
them and you did fix a few things. So
each person got a newer version.
>> Yeah. Correct.
>> Okay. That's perfect. All right. Great.
>> Uh the last thing I want to mention is
the GPT 5.2 chat update for Yakova 1.0.
So the team's version. Uh Stephen, you
want to give a bit of context as to what
has been changed?
>> Uh yeah, so for the old Yaka teams
version, we were using uh GPT40. Um but
now we had a upgrade to GPT 5.2 uh chart
model. Um I had a uh test through some
people Julie Luis and Rick and they
found um they cons they found the
consistent experience with the old
version but we might be get may we might
be able to get cheaper uh rate per token
because uh GPT 5.2 2 is cheaper but we
still need to conduct a experiment to
see how many tokens actually uh GPT 5.2
consumes that shaves the same video uh
with comparing to GPT40.
So the total adds up uh if GPT 5.2 is
cheaper.
>> That's
any questions? Hey,
>> it's going to be a little bit of a
if there are no questions, I'll move on.
>> Move back to the email. Uh any questions
on any of the PBIS here before I move
on.
>> If not, we'll move on. Baba, take it
away on the code coverage.
>> Yeah, thank you Louis. Uh code coverage
remains same at 28.2% 2%
and uh for about the production
deployments uh we had uh two production
deployments for teams app and 15
production deployments for uh desktop
app. I know that's true at that time.
>> Back to you.
>> How many?
>> 15
>> 15 deployments
>> for top.
>> That's a lot. Okay.
>> Dependable.
>> Well, we we we had about 15 uh PBIS
done, right? So, it's one for each.
>> Okay. What are they?
>> There's a few dependable ones.
>> Uh yeah, some of them are coming from
dependable updates.
>> So, every time
>> So, they're they're doing all that in
each each one. So each time that comes
you get a new version.
>> Yes.
>> Okay.
>> And Stephen,
>> you go through the health.
>> Yeah. So for the Yaka health uh we had
100% availability again as always. And
also we can see on the first chat
there's uh a couple of failed requests.
Um I had a look at the uh the the pigs.
Um, they are all from the web scrap web
scraper uh trying to find our
robots.txt.
Uh, so I think we could ignore this for
now.
>> And if
>> what's the difference between the first
one and the second one?
>> The second the first one is for last
seven days and the second one is uh for
last 30 days.
>> I think it means horizontally or
vertically.
>> I mean horizontally. Oh.
The second
uh Louis uh I think you have better
this
>> five xxx errors and these ones are 4xx
errors
>> right
>> xx errors and 4x errors is what you said
there
>> 500 errors and 400 errors 400 oh
>> 500 errors and four Oh Sorry. Okay.
Maybe that should be in the title. If
you can put it there.
>> Yeah, I can make that change.
>> Yeah, that' be clearer.
>> Sure.
>> Yeah. So, um, next let's move to the
leaderboard. Uh, Tino on the top of the
leaderboard and then we have Gordon and
Thiago on the second and third.
Uh let's let me get it back to you
Louis. Yeah. Can you go through the map
please? So many things to
>> so for our app the progress is 86% now
because we have add some more um PPIs
due to the canary testing and yeah we
can scroll down to check the backlog
stats the fak shaver we have 41 newbis
and in the last 30 days and 80% of them
are labeled with yak shaver and 23 are
done for Yakur desktop app we have um 60
65 new PBIS and 91% of them are labeled
and we have completed 38 um PBIS
>> that's all for the backlo
>> thank you for that Willow uh Tom can you
go through R&D AI tools and tenants
stats
>> yeah Tina did a little bit of research
and development work on our desktop app
uh by prompt improving and adding some
duplication
information into the prompt as well as
fixing up the title and emoji formatting
there. In terms of the AI tools, there
has been no changes.
Uh, so far before I move to the 10 sets,
any questions on that, Adam?
>> No, all good.
>> Very good. So, the tenants sits from
last week. Uh this week we had uh we
have a total number of tenants that is
45.
Um total number of tenants that
completed their setup is still four.
>> Sorry, is this the exact same stats I
saw a week ago?
>> Which one?
>> Are you sure you've updated these stats?
>> Yes.
>> Yes.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. So there's not frequent changes
there.
>> So you're telling me
>> you can see down the bottom last last
week we only had 35 team shaves and nine
MCP shaves and this week we had 100 team
shaves and 50 MCP shaves,
>> right? Okay.
>> Um can can you uh bold this week because
often people have this week as the first
one. Um but you need to I think I gave
you guys a task to get this
copied from the UI. Is that right?
>> So this should be coming from the UI.
You should be able to Yeah, we we have a
PPI for that. Uh for next sprint,
>> correct? So
>> um
>> now we have a a whole bunch of tenants
every every week we should be trying to
touch base with them, you know. And have
we got the um have we got Discord
working?
Discord is working. Yeah,
>> I think we have a server. Yeah.
>> Yes.
>> You are you have is Discord working
fine?
>> Is anyone like have you got the same
structure of Tina? You trying to get
traffic there?
>> There's not been emphasis on that.
>> Okay. Who can take uh who can be the
discord person?
>> I I can
>> I I can too if need multiple person for
that.
Yeah, Adam, I'm happy to take it.
>> So, Louis and Steven can join the
Discord and look after it.
>> Yep.
>> On on that note as well, uh we did send
out a few emails, right, Lewis? I think
we need some escalation.
>> Yes, we need some escalation plan maybe.
Um, maybe we sent a second catchup email
out, but then what is the escalation
plan if either they don't respond or
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> ignore it. So, we probably need to
figure something out there as well.
>> Yeah. Um, Stephen, can you just write
down
send follow-up email and I'll make a PBI
for that and then I can
>> Oh, no.
following up with them.
>> Yeah. Uh and as mentioned, we have in
this sprint a PBI to get the tenant
stats from the app much easier because
at the moment it's a little bit of a
hassle, especially to get the shaves
between the teams and MCP app. And yeah,
we're going to fix that as part of this
PBI and then we can copy and paste it
much easier.
>> Okay. Uh just a general question. I know
you've now got the MCP version working
and it's quite good. Uh it felt like you
started a fresh and that you weren't
using much of what was in the old
version. Um, is there any good lessons
that you would do differently now or was
it the right approach to just start from
scratch
uh and not try to put things into
I don't know the portal or an API and
like having it having it shared and
continually used like both versions
used.
>> That's a very good question. We have a
PBI down the track to utilize some of
the Yak legacy Yakshva pipeline. Um
because G mentioned that he had some
issues giving access to GitHub MCP to uh
to his account. And to avoid that
um we could potentially utilize the
Yaksha app that we created as part of
the legacy version. This way the
um company just needs to give access to
the yak shaver app and then with the
desktop app we can create a custom MCP.
uh let's call it SSW Yak shaver MCP
server and this way you don't have to
give the MCP server your access to your
own account and we can utilize some of
that pipeline
and in terms of rewriting it as a
desktop app yeah I think that we did it
from scratch helped a ton especially
because it works completely different
than the first one with MCP support.
>> Does that answer your question, Adam?
>> Okay,
>> cool. Uh, I'll move on to the co-pilot
stats. Tina, if you could give us a
summary of it.
>> Uh, hold on. Is this possibly accurate?
Where's Willow? Tino, like where is
this?
This is on teams. I think you'll even
take a picture of the whole the whole
thing.
>> Yeah. Some somehow we're not in there.
>> And somehow you don't notice. Okay. All
right. I I will fix it. Don't worry.
Just keep going.
>> So,
>> can you app mention me? Um.
>> Okay.
>> Someone.
>> Okay.
So for the co-pilot stats, uh we have uh
Sydney Borroom at the very top. So we
have Caleb and Rose and Michaela in
there, you know, beating Lewis for first
place. And so we got Lewis the runner up
and then Tomky on third place.
>> Okay. So
>> yeah. So for the copilot main
achievement uh from copilot is that in
the last sprint it was the act shaver
improvements and stabilization. So first
one is default prompt update merge
improved the duplication and template
consistency achieving uh wow and that's
there uh achieving three canary test
passes that should be on its very own
bullet point. Um and then UI and UX
enhancements. Uh login screen facelift
and full Figma designs for the wizard
UX. Also have bug fixes. Uh portal
dashboard no URL error resolved.
Workflow resilience improved for YouTube
metadata updates. Technical upgrades
migrated to GPT 4 uh 5.2 2 uh model and
added a persistent OOTH for GitHub MCP
and created a local database schema for
activity tracking. So in short, embedded
prompts, smoother UX, uh critical bug
fixes and uh key technical improvements.
Uh these are basically uh summarizes
what has been done last uh for the last
sprint. Uh
>> yeah.
>> Yeah, I think it's a good
>> Tina Tina was AI accurate. Can you trust
it?
>> Yes. Yes, that was pretty accurate.
Yeah. Yeah. And
>> but achieving three car test passes
should not be in the default prompt
update merge uh bullet point. They
messed that up.
>> Okay.
>> Otherwise, it was all good.
>> Yeah.
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you.
>> Giving you a new image, too.
>> All right. Thank you.
Uh
first I'll get uh Rick to go through the
sprint retro what went well.
>> Okay. Thanks. Thanks Louis. So in the
retrospective what went well. Uh many
people likes um
there there are lots of PBI done this
sprint and many people likes the UI
improvement done by Michaela and we we
had three test passes from Canary
testing and that and we got lots of
great feedback
and um
yeah so I'll hand over to Colum talk
about what didn't go fail.
>> Uh yeah. So, what didn't go well?
Obviously, Lewis pointed out a lot of UX
issues due to code signing. So, it looks
like an unsafe app. Uh which is
obviously not cool. And we've got the um
the CIS admins on the case fixing that
up. There's not too much we can do about
it yet. Uh we're blocked on that. Uh but
we're hopefully resolving it soon. Um,
and what I my feedback was Hark used the
old Yak shaver to report issues in the
new Yak shaver. Um, which I thought was
back to front. So, I've suggested when
people are canary testing and they're
reporting issues in Yak Shaver, they
should use the new Yak shaver to do it
rather than the old one.
>> Eating your own dog food. Yes,
>> exactly. Uh, and Tom said a lot of logic
built into the UI components on the
desktop app. Basically, we've got a lot
of um
uh tech debt in the new desktop app and
a lot of refactoring is required um to
simplify that.
>> Okay.
>> Um so yeah, that's something that we're
going to be working on next sprint. And
then what needs to improve? So Rick has
suggested the OOTH 2 flow must be fixed
so that the client secret is not exposed
uh which I agree with and must be done
ASAP before we especially before we roll
out to the public but ideally uh a long
time before that and that's I think our
priority next sprint um Tom said portal
pipeline should build source maps uh to
make it easier to debug. I think you had
to sort of
Willow manually assisted with the
pipeline to fix that that issue uh this
sprint and I guess be easier if it was
just part of the pipeline. And Tom said
build the UI as you need then refactor
it. Make them generic reusable
components and kiss. Um and I suggested
a dry kiss is is optimal as well.
And that's it. Any questions on the
retro?
>> No, that's uh excellent. Well, one one
question. Um Tom, did you actually see
the signs where upstairs was closed
today?
>> Yes, I did.
>> And then you just ignore them.
>> Yes, I did.
>> Because I have fresh air and uh natural
light here, which downstairs is not
available.
>> Yeah. And then you still need to talk to
me. If I close upstairs, it's closed.
can't just
um now Callum, do you think if you work
in a dog food factory, you would be
eating the dog food?
>> Absolutely. Um if the dog food wasn't
fit for human consumption, I wouldn't be
happy to stamp my face on the can.
>> Excellent. All right, good to know.
Let's go to the onto the next sprint. So
sprint 93 the spring goal will be to for
each Yaka team member to find an SSW
employee to test the Yaka desktop app.
So there should be seven Canary tests
next week and also attempt to use an AI
agent on a PBI they're working on.
So we have a few PBI ser
uh in here. So we have
some new ones. Oh, I think these are
repeated. Let me delete those. So,
uh we have these from the uh Canary
testing. So, some feedback which they
want to be able to see the version of
the Yak of Yakov easily because that is
part of our feedback reports that we
asked them to put their version as well.
and just some general UI improvements.
And we have this large one which uh Rick
maybe you want to give us more context
about what this will what this is about.
>> Yep. So I mentioned in the retro that we
need to um preventing exposing the
client secret on the desktop app. So by
fixing that we will um use authorization
code plus PKCE. So that will that's um
that flow wouldn't require a client
secret. Hopefully um that will fix the
problem.
Okay. Uh any questions or feedback on
the
PBIS for next sprint?
Nothing. I'll move on to the I'll let
Tino go through the co-pilot. uh
summary.
>> All right. So the main focus for the
next sprint is uh fix security. So
eliminate exposed client secrets by
implementing secure flows PKC and back
end for front end to worker. Uh and
refactoring workflow progress panel uh
move logic from UI to back end for
cleaner state management and
scalability. Additional UX improvements
uh show app version visibility and minor
UI tweaks. And then we have sprit goal
which is to complete more uh canary
tests with internal users develop the
stability before wider roll out and that
is basically what uh has been put in and
sprint go that is correct and of course
we also added another one is to attempt
to use AI agents on PBI to work on now
that is uh been added as a sprinkle uh
after you know the the the recording No,
we did. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, say that's pretty accurate on
that. Any questions?
>> No. All good.
>> All good. This video will be on the
Yakva YouTube channel. Thank you guys
for joining me in this meeting. I'll see
you next week. Thank you all. Thanks.
>> Thank you. Bye.
